Create ui-c8y-1021-31-0-change-number-of-decimal-places-by-default-to-2-and-not.md (#2799)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-31-0-change-number-of-decimal-places-by-default-to-2-and-not.md

---
date: ""

> title: Updated Default and Maximum Decimal Places in Widget Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Updated default and maximum decimal places in widget configuration
```

> title: Change number of decimal places changed to 2 by default and limited to 10 in widgets and widget config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Changed default number of decimal places and maximum configurable number in widgets configuration
```

Reviewer 2: so previously we had no consistency when it comes to decimal places; now we can tell that default value is 2 and max is 10. don't we want to emphasize it? or do you want to do it in description only?

> title: Change number of decimal places changed to 2 by default and limited to 10 in widgets and widget config

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Updated Default and Maximum Decimal Places in Widget Configuration
```

> title: Change number of decimal places by default to 2 and not 1 and limit decimal places in the widgets and widget config to 10. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7933)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: number of decimal places changed to 2 by default and limited to 10 in widgets and widget config
```

> title: Change number of decimal places by default to 2 and not 1 and limit decimal places in the widgets and widget config to 10. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7933)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Change number of decimal places changed to 2 by default and limited to 10 in widgets and widget config
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61670
version: 1021.31.0
---

> Change number of decimal places by default to 2 and not 1 and limit decimal places in the widgets and widget config to 10. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7933)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the past, the default number of decimal places was set to 1 which could lead to inaccurate data display in certain scenarios. To address this, the default number of decimal places has now been changed to 2. Additionally, the maximum number of decimal places configurable in widgets and the widget configuration has been limited to 10.
```

> Change number of decimal places by default to 2 and not 1 and limit decimal places in the widgets and widget config to 10. [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7933)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In the past, the default number of decimal places was set to 1 which could lead to inaccurate data display in certain scenarios. To address this, the default number of decimal places has now been changed to 2. Additionally, the maximum number of decimal places configurable in widgets and the widget configuration has been limited to 10. This change improves the data display accuracy for end users while still providing flexibility to configure the number of decimal places up to 10 where needed.
```

> In the past, the default number of decimal places was set to 1 which could lead to inaccurate data display in certain scenarios. To address this, the default number of decimal places has now been changed to 2. Additionally, the maximum number of decimal places configurable in widgets and the widget configuration has been limited to 10.

Reviewer: @jdre-c8y "In the past, the default number of decimal places was set to 1" Where? Also in the widget configuration?

Reviewer 2: In the info gauge, kpi, linear gauge, silo- whe you start adding one of these widgets, there is default value of 1
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cb7845c5-726f-4aac-b396-d9d25565ec62)
so if user doesn't change it, it is also applied to view.
in the radial gauge there was no default value;

> In the past, the default number of decimal places was set to 1 which could lead to inaccurate data display in certain scenarios. To address this, the default number of decimal places has now been changed to 2. Additionally, the maximum number of decimal places configurable in widgets and the widget configuration has been limited to 10.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The default number of decimal places in widgets has been increased from 1 to 2, providing more precise data visualization out of the box. Users can now configure decimal places up to a maximum of 10, ensuring consistent and accurate data representation across all widgets. This standardization improves data readability and helps prevent potential misinterpretation of numerical values in dashboards.
```
